Copyright (c) 2019 Graham Dyson. All Rights Reserved.

Eunice End-User License Agreement ("Agreement")
Last updated: 8th December 2019

These license terms are an agreement between you and Graham Dyson.  They apply
to the application named Eunice ("Application").  Read the terms and
conditions of this agreement carefully before using the Application.  Using the
Application indicates your acceptance of these license terms.  If you do not
accept these license terms, you should not use the Application.  The terms also
apply to any other method of distributing the Application.

1. Use rights.

a. The Application may be used to analyze, investigate, design, develop and
test software released under Open Source Initiative (OSI) approved open source
software licenses.

b. The Application may be used to analyze, investigate, design, develop and
test software as part of online or in person classroom training and education,
or for performing academic research.

c. Subscription.  In consideration of you paying to us the Subscription Fee, we
grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access and use the
Application during the Subscription Period in accordance with this Agreement.
The Subscription is personal to you.  You may not rent, lease, sub-license,
sell, pledge, assign the benefit or delegate the burden of this Agreement or
Subscription Software or hold this Agreement on trust for any other person.
You shall not use the Application to manufacture or distribute a product that
is substantially similar to or competitive with our software.  Information on
how to pay the Subscription Fee can found on the following web page
http://www.devsnicket.com/eunice/licensing.

c. Evaluation.  An individual can use the Application to analyze, investigate,
design, develop and test software for an Evaluation Period.  The Evaluation
Period lasts 90 days from the first use of the Application by an individual.
An individual can only commence one Evaluation Period per calendar year.  You may
only use the the Application for internal evaluation purposes, and only during
the Evaluation Period, except for: (a) open source, (b) education purposes and
(c) with a monthly Subscription as permitted above.  The Evaluation Period may
be extended by written agreement with us.

e. If none of the above apply, individuals, and employees and contractors of an
organization may not use the the Application.

2. Licenses for third party components.

The Application includes third party components with separate legal notices or
governed by other agreements, as may be described in the third-party-notices.txt
file accompanying the Application.

3. Scope of license.

The Application is licensed, not sold.  These license terms only give you some
rights to use the Application.  Graham Dyson reserves all other rights.  Unless
applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the
Application only as expressly permitted in these license terms.  In doing so,
you must comply with any technical limitations in the Application that only
allow you to use it in certain ways.  In addition, you may not:

· reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Application, or otherwise
attempt to derive the source code for the Application, except and only to the
extent required by third party licensing terms governing use of certain open
source components that may be included with the Application;

· remove, minimize, block or modify any notices in the Application;

· use the Application in any way that is against the law;

· share, publish, rent or lease the Application; or

· provide the Application as a stand-alone offering or combine it with any of
your applications for others to use, or transfer the Application or this
Agreement to any third party.

4. Support.

Because the Application is “as is”, we may not provide support services for it.
If you have paid for a Subscription, support is given for the Subscription Period.

5. Disclaimer of warranty.

There is no warranty for the Application, to the extent permitted by applicable
law.  Except when otherwise stated in writing the copyright holders and/or
other parties provide the Application “as is” without warranty of any kind,
either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.  The entire
risk as to the quality and performance of the Application is with you.  Should
the Application prove defective, you assume the cost of all necessary
servicing, repair or correction.

6. Limitation of liability.

In no event unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing will any
copyright holder, or any other party who modifies and/or conveys the
Application as permitted above, be liable to you for damages, including any
general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use or
inability to use the Application (including but not limited to loss of data or
data being rendered inaccurate or losses sustained by you or third parties or a
failure of the Application to operate with any other applications), even if
such holder or other party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

7. Interpretation of sections 5 and 6.

If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided above cannot
be given local legal effect according to their terms, reviewing courts shall
apply local law that most closely approximates an absolute waiver of all civil
liability in connection with the Application, unless a warranty or assumption
of liability accompanies a copy of the Application in return for a fee.

8. Modifications to Application

Graham Dyson reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily
or permanently, the Application or any service to which it connects, with or
without notice and without liability to you.

9. Term and Termination

This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by you or Graham Dyson.
Graham Dyson may, in their sole discretion, at any time and for any or no
reason, suspend or terminate this Agreement with or without prior notice.  This
Agreement will terminate immediately, without prior notice from Graham Dyson,
in the event that you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement.  You
may also terminate this Agreement by deleting the Application and all copies
thereof from your computer.

10. Amendments to this Agreement

Graham Dyson reserves the right, at their sole discretion, to modify or replace
this Agreement at any time.  If a revision is material we will provide at least
30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect.  What constitutes a
material change will be determined at our sole discretion.